<html py:extends="master.xhtml" py:strip="True">
    <body py:block="body" py:strip="True">
      <h1 id="introduction">Puzzle Competition</h1>

      <p>
        Welcome to the CS@Mines Puzzle Competition! This is a competition
        intended to challenge your ingenuity in problem solving. We invite
        you to participate!
      </p>

      <div py:for="c in active">
        <h3>Active Competition: ${c.name}</h3>
        <p>
        <strong>Competition Opened:</strong> ${h.ftime(c.open_time, show_day=True)}<br />
        <strong>Competition Closes:</strong> ${h.ftime(c.close_time, show_day=True)}
        <py:if test="c.prize">
          <br /><strong>Prize:</strong> ${c.prize}
        </py:if>
        </p>
      </div>

      <div py:for="c in upcoming">
        <h3>Upcoming Competition: ${c.name}</h3>
        <p>
        <strong>Competition Opens:</strong> ${h.ftime(c.open_time, show_day=True)}<br />
        <strong>Competition Closes:</strong> ${h.ftime(c.close_time, show_day=True)}
        <py:if test="c.prize">
          <br /><strong>Prize:</strong> ${c.prize}
        </py:if>
        </p>
      </div>

      <h2 id="rules">Rules</h2>

      <ol>
        <li><strong>You may not receive assistance from others.</strong> The puzzles are intended to be completed by you and only you. You may not ask for assistance from others, regardless of whether they are participating in the competition or not. This includes family members and others on the internet.</li>
        <li><strong>You may not give assistance to others.</strong> Likewise, we want these puzzles to be done by you.</li>
        <li><strong>You may use the internet and other resources to your advantage.</strong> Some puzzles require extra research, so you should take advantage of any resources you can find.</li>
        <li><strong>You may submit and resubmit until the end of the competition.</strong> If you need to resubmit, only your latest submission will be evaluated. Submissions after the competition deadline will not be counted.</li>
        <li><strong>You may submit your answers for each puzzle as soon as you have competed it.</strong> In fact, submission times are important. See <a href="#tie-breaking">tie breaker information</a> below.</li>
        <li><strong>You will be ranked by the number of puzzles you correctly solve.</strong> Incorrect answers will not be counted against you.</li>
        <li><strong>The competition is open to all students, faculty, and staff of the Colorado School of Mines.</strong> In other words, anyone who can use their MultiPass to get into the site. Prizes are only available for students.</li>
      </ol>

      <h3 id="tie-breaking">Tie Breaking</h3>
      <p>
      Should you tie with someone else (that is, you solve the same number of
      puzzles as them), the tie will be broken by adding the submission times
      (in minutes since the beginning of the competition) of the correctly
      submitted solutions. The person with the lowest time will win the
      tie-breaker.
      </p>
      <br />

      <p>
      There does exist the rare occasion where adding the submission times is
      too close to call a tie-break. For this competition, we will consider
      it when the sum of minutes is within 5 minutes of another participant.
      In this case, each of the participants will recieve the same rank and
      any prizes for that rank will be split between them.
      </p>

      <h2 id="puzzles">Puzzles</h2>

      <py:if test="active">
        <div py:for="c in active">
          <h3>${c.name} Competition</h3>
          <ol class="steps">
            <li py:for="p in c.puzzles" value="${p.number}">
            <h3 py:content="p.name" />
            <p>
            <py:if test="p.author">
            <strong>Author:</strong> <a href="${tg.url('/puzzles/by_author/{}'.format(p.author.user_id))}">${p.author}</a><br />
            </py:if>
            <a href="${p.download_url}">View Puzzle</a>
            <py:if test="luser">
            <br /><a href="${p.submit_url}">Submit Answer</a>
            </py:if>
            </p>
          </li>
          </ol>
        </div>
        <py:if test="not luser">
        <p>
        Please <a href="${tg.url('/login')}">login using your MultiPass</a> to submit answers.
        </p>
        </py:if>
      </py:if><py:else>
      <p>There are currently no active competitions. See <a href="${tg.url('/competitions')}">previous competitions</a> for prior puzzles.</p>
      </py:else>
    </body>
</html>
